README.md, before:

# Hello all 👋

I'm a Javascript enthusiast ⚡
I'm mainly working with JS, Vue, Node, Electron and Tauri

- 🗂️ Projects:
  - 👾 [Cyn](https://github.com/ElectronForConstruct): Game-oriented task runner. Allow you to automate tedious tasks related to game development such as bundling your game, protecting assets or publishing to online platforms (itch.io, steam, ...)
    - 💻 [cli](https://github.com/ElectronForConstruct/cli): The Cyn CLI
    - ✔️ [Automated Greenworks builds](https://github.com/ElectronForConstruct/greenworks-prebuilds): Automated generation of `.node` addons of [greenworks](https://github.com/greenheartgames/greenworks)
    - 🌐 [Greenworks Prebuilds Website](https://github.com/ElectronForConstruct/greenworks-prebuilds-website): Frontend of **Automated Greenworks builds**
  - 👥 [Construct Community](https://github.com/WebCreationClub): Managing a 1800+ members [Discord server](https://discord.gg/dZDU7Re) about [Construct](https://www.construct.net)
    - 🤖 [Alfred Botler](https://github.com/WebCreationClub/alfred-botler): A discord bot to help us manage the community
    - 📜 [Awesome Construct](https://github.com/WebCreationClub/awesome-construct): A curated list of tools, tutorials, examples, and much more, for the awesome game development engines Construct 2 and Construct 3
    - 📧 [Preparing a newsletter](#not-available-yet): [stay tuned!](https://ccnewsletter.armaldio.xyz)
  - ⚙ [Modules ABI](https://github.com/Armaldio/modules-abi): Easily query abi and target versions of common desktop runtimes (Electron, NWjs, Node.js)
- 💖 [Sponsor me](https://github.com/sponsors/Armaldio)

<p align="center">
  <img alt="My github stats" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=armaldio&show_icons=true&count_private=true" />
  <br>
  <img alt="Top Langs" src=https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=anuraghazra&layout=compact" />
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://twitter.com/armaldio" alt="Twitter">
      💬 Twitter
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/quentin-goinaud/" alt="Linkedin">
      💼 LinkedIn
    </a>
    <a href="mailto:contact@armaldio.xyz" alt="Email">
      📧 Email
    </a>
    <a href="https://armaldio.xyz" alt="Website">
      🌐 Website
    </a>
  </p>
</p>

Commit message:

add AppPlayer-Electron to the list of projects

README.md, after:

# Hello all 👋

I'm a Javascript enthusiast ⚡
I'm mainly working with JS, Vue, Node, Electron and Tauri

- 🗂️ Projects:
  - 👾 [Cyn](https://github.com/ElectronForConstruct): Game-oriented task runner. Allow you to automate tedious tasks related to game development such as bundling your game, protecting assets or publishing to online platforms (itch.io, steam, ...)
    - 💻 [cli](https://github.com/ElectronForConstruct/cli): The Cyn CLI
    - ✔️ [Automated Greenworks builds](https://github.com/ElectronForConstruct/greenworks-prebuilds): Automated generation of `.node` addons of [greenworks](https://github.com/greenheartgames/greenworks)
    - 🌐 [Greenworks Prebuilds Website](https://github.com/ElectronForConstruct/greenworks-prebuilds-website): Frontend of **Automated Greenworks builds**
  - 👥 [Construct Community](https://github.com/WebCreationClub): Managing a 1800+ members [Discord server](https://discord.gg/dZDU7Re) about [Construct](https://www.construct.net)
    - 🤖 [Alfred Botler](https://github.com/WebCreationClub/alfred-botler): A discord bot to help us manage the community
    - 📜 [Awesome Construct](https://github.com/WebCreationClub/awesome-construct): A curated list of tools, tutorials, examples, and much more, for the awesome game development engines Construct 2 and Construct 3
    - 📧 [Preparing a newsletter](#not-available-yet): [stay tuned!](https://ccnewsletter.armaldio.xyz)
  - ⚙ [Modules ABI](https://github.com/Armaldio/modules-abi): Easily query abi and target versions of common desktop runtimes (Electron, NWjs, Node.js)
  - 🪟▶ [AppPlayer-Electron](https://github.com/Floflis/AppPlayer-Electron): Preview Construct 2 apps/games in an Electron prebuilt exe - as if Electron were a normal browser!
- 💖 [Sponsor me](https://github.com/sponsors/Armaldio)

<p align="center">
  <img alt="My github stats" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=armaldio&show_icons=true&count_private=true" />
  <br>
  <img alt="Top Langs" src=https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=anuraghazra&layout=compact" />
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://twitter.com/armaldio" alt="Twitter">
      💬 Twitter
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/quentin-goinaud/" alt="Linkedin">
      💼 LinkedIn
    </a>
    <a href="mailto:contact@armaldio.xyz" alt="Email">
      📧 Email
    </a>
    <a href="https://armaldio.xyz" alt="Website">
      🌐 Website
    </a>
  </p>
</p>
